Prod ecdsa allowlist (#1226)
letsencrypt/website: content/en/certificates.md

that the end-entity certificate has a trust chain leading to a trusted root
certificate. Almost all server operators will choose to serve a chain including
the intermediate certificate with Subject "R3" and
Issuer "DST Root CA X3." The recommended Let's Encrypt client software,
[Certbot](https://certbot.org), will make this configuration seamlessly.

## Roots
Similar to intermediates, root certificates can be cross-signed, often to increase client
compatability. Our ECDSA root, ISRG Root X2 was generated in fall 2020 and is the root
certificate for the ECDSA hierarchy. It is represented by two certificates: one that is
self-signed and one that is signed by ISRG Root X1.

> All certificates signed by the ECDSA intermediate "E1" will come with a chain where the
> Subject is "ISRG Root X2" and the Issuer is "ISRG Root X1". Almost all server operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All certificates signed by the ECDSA intermediate "E1" will come with a chain including an intermediate
certificate whose Subject is "ISRG Root X2" and whose Issuer is "ISRG Root X1". Almost all server operators
```
